I'm gonna sort of park
this demo to the side.
There's tons more we could still do
to this if we wanted to get into more
lighting.
We wanted to maybe make this like burning
sun, or starting to make like glows around
the earth or something like that,
maybe introducing rim lighting.
But what we're gonna do instead is
we're gonna introduce some more,
some slightly more advanced
concepts around geometry.
So one of the things about this course
today is that it's not so much just
creating things, but it's also trying
to understand how this pipeline works.
And so this next little exercise
is gonna be a little bit less
interesting visually speaking, because
we're just gonna create a simple geometry.
But the more we understand that, the more
we can create these interesting visuals.
And so if we go to the demos, you'll
see we sort of covered these first for
light material mesh groups.
And this lighter material demo, actually,
you might wanna just pop it open just
to see how it's using multiple lights.
And the two lights
are just different colors.
And so when those two lights combine,
it creates this nice sort of effect.
And you can also use different
colors in the light parameter here.
And the actual movement, this has to
do with cosine and stuff like that.